# CineMatch
The application CineMatch is the database for movie and TV shows. The app has built in options like the option to choose what kind of movie you want to watch. The choices varies in different basis like, directors, actors, genre, run time and so on. All the relevant information about the movie/show will be provided. To use this app, the given URL must be clicked. It will direct to the home page of the web where the option of Signup, login and logout are shown. Once logged in, the menu bar is shown with option of movie and tv shows. Movie button is clicked, and it will direct to filter option where you can choose you fav genre, or director, and all the option mentioned above. After choosing all the filtered option, the CineMatch button in the end needs to be clicked. After clicking the button, the perfect match according to the filters are shown. When the movie is selected, the new screen will show the overview and the cast of the movie. On top of that, it will show if the movie is available in any of the streaming app, or do you have to pay for it.

# Release Notes (7/14/2023)
Project currently supports login functionality and user email confirmation. A questionnaire has been added but not integrated, the user profile also has yet to be expanded. This is in large part due to the integration of the database TMDB. We're confident we can integrate the data we need, but the setup has proven more daunting than anticipated. These will be our main focuses moving into the next milestone; user profile expansion, database utilization, visible end-result for user choices.

# Release Notes (7/27/2023)
CineMatch now has a questionnaire; the user can login, pick genre/actor/director/rating preference and search the top 5 results. The user also has the option to just press "Search" without entering any fields, and thus is given the top 5 most relevant results according to TMDB. User profile functionalities (favorites list, general profile and info page) have yet to be implemeneted, but are in the pipeline. What's also being developed is the mixing of two search fields, i.e., searching for a desired actor's starred movies in a selected genre. The aesthetic aspect of the project will be our final commitment.

# Release Notes (8/10/2023)
Our latest milestone has added more user stories: profile page displaying username, bio, and favorites list. The favorites list (capped at 15 movies) now has the ability to remove movies selections from the profile page. The search results cap has also been moved from 5 to 100 to allow for a greater number of recommendations. Future implemenetations would look to refine the user story process. Allowing for more individualization via streaming service preference, a previously watched list, etc.
